#89 Added script to generate pkg hex icons (#91)
pharmaverse/admiraltemplate: NEWS.md

You should categorize the updates under title sections for New Features, Updates of Existing Functions,
Breaking Changes, Documentation, Various.
Each update should also reference the original issue by adding at the end: (#ISSUE-NUMBER)

## New Features

> - Tool to generate Apple touch icon and favicon given a package logo using generate_pkg_favicons() (#89)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a utility function `generate_pkg_favicons()` under `inst/favicon_tools` to help  generate Apple touch icons and favicons given a package logo. (#89)
```

> - Added a utility function `generate_pkg_favicons()` under `inst/favicon_tools` to help  generate Apple touch icons and favicons given a package logo. (#89)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a utility function `generate_pkg_favicons()` under `inst/favicon_tools` to help generate Apple touch icons and favicons given a package logo. (#89)
```
